# Modelling_and_Optimisation-_Under_Uncertainty

Academic Project

2 Task project for the module course of Modelling & Optimasation_Under_Uncertainty.

In the 1st Task, the paper aims to study and investigate the behaviour of LDA and LSA, on COVID-19 Tweets which were published between December 2020 and April 2021, and in addition, understanding the topics categorized by the tweets. Understanding, analyzing, and gaining additional insights of COVID-19 would expand our horizons of the new virus which is still relatively new to many of us. This paper explains and shows the topic modelling techniques to categorize the tweet by subject and gain a better understanding of the vaccine through a positive or negative sense. Latent Dirichlet Allocation and Latent Semantic Analysis were implemented as Topic Modelling techniques and concluded that Latent Dirichlet Allocation was the superior unsupervised technique for categorizing the text in 12 topics. 

In the 2nd Task we were asked to develop a Fuzzy Logic Controller and suggest an Optimization Technique. The aim of the paper is to demonstrate how to use fuzzy logic to control and regulate the environment, climate, and irrigation of a commercial greenhouse. The input variables for our greenhouse were built on both internal and external factors like temperature, lighting, PH, humidity, soil moisture content, and cloudiness. Further, based on the inputs our controllers react to keep the optimal environment for our smart greenhouse. The fuzzy logic controller simulation was created in MATLAB using the fuzzy logic toolbox, which is an inbuilt component. In the second part of this paper, we explain how the Genetic Algorithm works to obtain the most optimal set of rules for our controller and the differences between Mamdani and Sugeno model. Finally, two different optimization techniques, Genetic Algorithm and Particle Swarm Optimization, using two functions from the CEC’2005 suite of benchmark functions were compared.
